# Terms of Service  *updated Oct 29, 2015*


Welcome to our online chat service run by Euphoria Ops, Inc. ("**Euphoria**"),
located at [euphoria.io](https://euphoria.io) (the "**Site**"). Please read
these Terms of Service (the "**Terms**") and our [Privacy
Policy](https://euphoria.io/about/privacy) carefully because they
govern your use of our Site and our services  that enable you to chat, create
chat rooms, and otherwise interact via our Site (collectively, the
"**Services**").


::: section summary
## Summary

For your reference, here is a brief summary of the main points of the Terms.

**PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THIS IS ONLY A SHORT SUMMARY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AND
IS NOT THE COMPLETE TERMS. HENCE, YOU SHOULD READ THE ENTIRE TERMS OF SERVICE
BEFORE USING OUR SERVICES.**

 * Euphoria is for people 13 years and older. Everyone who uses Euphoria must
   follow our [Code of Conduct](https://euphoria.io/about/conduct). You don't
   need an account to chat, but you will need one to create a room or use other
   features. You're responsible for all activities under your account. If you
   become responsible for a room (by creating or managing a chat room) on
   Euphoria, you'll need to follow some additional [room host
   rules](https://euphoria.io/about/hosts).

 * Please read our [Privacy Policy](https://euphoria.io/about/privacy) for
   details on how we collect, use, and disclose your information.

 * Please only post content on Euphoria that you have a legal right to. By
   posting, you give us the right and license to store and use your content for
   operating and providing the services, but it remains yours and we don't
   claim ownership of it. We welcome your feedback, but by doing so you grant
   us a license to your feedback so we can put it to good use and improve our
   Services.

 * We may link to or embed other third-party services (such as video or music
   players), whose content we are not responsible for.

 * In the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, you and we agree to
   resolve the same through arbitration, except for disputes relating to
   intellectual property rights, which will be resolved through litigation.

 * We may change our terms in the future. If we do so, we'll let you know. It's
   important that you review these changes, and the entire terms below, because
   by using Euphoria you agree to be bound to them.

   If you have any questions about our Terms of Service, please contact us at
   [help@euphoria.io](mailto:help@euphoria.io).
:::


## Agreement to Terms

By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our
Privacy Policy. If you don't agree to these Terms and our Privacy Policy,
do not use the Services.


## Changes to Terms or Services

We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we'll
let you know either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or through other
communications. It's important that you review the Terms whenever we modify
them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted modified
Terms on the Site, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the
modified Terms. If you don't agree to be bound by the modified Terms, then you
may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time
we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services (including Paid
Features), at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.


## Who May Use the Services

### Eligibility

You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older.


### Registration and Your Information

Though you do not need to register to use our Services, some features and chat
rooms may require registration. You may choose to register with our Services by
creating an account ("**Account**") with your email address. However, if you
create or manage a chat room (referred to as "**Host**"), you are required to
create an Account.

If you choose to register an Account with your email address, it's important
that you provide us with an accurate email address. You agree to update your
email, as needed, to keep it accurate and up-to-date. If you don't, we might
have to suspend or terminate your Account. You agree that you won't disclose
your Account password to anyone and you'll notify us immediately of any
unauthorized use of your Account. You're responsible for all activities that
occur under your Account, whether or not you know about them.


## Feedback

We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services
("**Feedback**"). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at
[hi@euphoria.io](mailto:hi@euphoria.io). You grant to us a non-exclusive,
worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable, and
transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you
own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, and
otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.


## Privacy Policy

Please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://euphoria.io/about/privacy) for
information on how we collect, use, and disclose information from our users.


## Content and Content Rights

For purposes of these Terms: (i) "**Content**" means text, graphics, images,
music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information
or other materials that are posted, generated, provided, or otherwise made
available through the Services; and (ii) "**User Content**" means any Content
that users (including you) provide to be made available through the Services.
Content includes without limitation User Content.


## Content Ownership and Responsibility

Euphoria does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in
these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and
exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, Euphoria and its licensors
exclusively own all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and
Content, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge
that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other
laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove,
alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark, or other proprietary
rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content.


### Rights in User Content Granted by You

By making any User Content available through Services you hereby grant to
Euphoria a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, royalty-free
license to use, host, copy, modify, store, cache, reproduce, create derivative
works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, and
distribute your User Content in connection with operating and providing the
Services and Content to you and to other users. Please note, this license grant
continues even if you stop using the Services mainly because of the nature of
the Services.

You are solely responsible for all your User Content. You represent and warrant
that you own all your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to
grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms. You also
represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and
provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor
any use of your User Content by Euphoria on or through the Services will
infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party's intellectual property
rights, or rights of publicity, privacy, or confidentiality, or result in the
violation of any applicable law or regulation.  You will indemnify and hold
harmless Euphoria and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and
against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs
and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting
fees arising out of or in any way connected with your User Content.


### Rights in Content Granted by Euphoria

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Euphoria grants you a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to
download, view, copy, display and print the Content solely in connection with
your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and
non-commercial purposes.


## Code of Conduct

You agree to comply with our [Code of
Conduct](https://euphoria.io/about/conduct) and general rules and restrictions
regarding your use of our Services.


## Rules Applicable to Hosts

If you are a Host, you have additional obligations. Please see [Rules for
Hosts](https://euphoria.io/about/hosts) for more information on rules
applicable to Hosts.


## DMCA/Copyright Policy

Euphoria respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is
Euphoria's policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, the Services of
users who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the
rights of copyright holders. Please see our [Copyright and IP
Policy](https://euphoria.io/about/dmca) for further information.


## Links to Third Party Websites or Resources

The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We
provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the
content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources
or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for,
and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or
resources.


## Termination

We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole
discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may cancel your Account
at any time by sending an email to us at
[help@euphoria.io](mailto:help@euphoria.io), or if you are not an Account
holder, you may just stop using our Services. Upon any termination,
discontinuation, or cancellation of Services or your Account, the provisions of
these Terms relating to Feedback, ownership provisions (including, without
limitation, Content and Content Ownership) and Euphoria's enforcement rights,
warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, dispute resolution
provisions, and general terms shall survive any such termination,
discontinuation, or cancellation.


## Warranty Disclaimers

THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE
OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or
be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no
warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness,
completeness or reliability of any Content.


## Limitation of Liability

NEITHER EUPHORIA NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR
DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR
GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST
OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM
THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER
LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT EUPHORIA HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE
FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT WILL EUPHORIA'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT
EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO EUPHORIA FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT
OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO
EUPHORIA, AS APPLICABLE.  THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH
ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN EUPHORIA AND
YOU.


## Dispute Resolution


### Governing Law

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the
State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.


### Agreement to Arbitrate

You and Euphoria agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or
relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement,
interpretation, or validity thereof or the use of the Services or Content
(collectively, "**Disputes**") will be settled by binding arbitration, except
that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small
claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court
of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement,
misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights (the action described
in the foregoing clause (ii), an "**IP Protection Action**"). The exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action will be the state and
federal courts located in the Northern District of California and each of the
parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
**You acknowledge and agree that you and Euphoria are each waiving the right to
a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any
purported class action or representative proceeding.** Further, unless both you
and Euphoria otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate
more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of
any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held
unenforceable, then the entirety of this "Dispute Resolution" section will be
deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this "Dispute
Resolution" section will survive any termination of these Terms.


### Arbitration Rules

The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association
("**AAA**") in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the "**AAA Rules**")
then in effect, except as modified by this "Dispute Resolution" section. (The
AAA Rules are available at <https://www.adr.org/arb_med> or
by calling the AAA at [1-800-778-7879](tel:1-800-778-7879).) The Federal
Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.


### Arbitration Process

A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a
written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides
a form Demand for Arbitration at
<https://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_015820> and a separate form for
California residents at <https://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_01582>.)
The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to
practice law and will be selected by the parties from the AAA's roster of
arbitrators.  If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within
seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will
appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.


### Arbitration Location and Procedure

Unless you and Euphoria otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in
the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the
arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and
Euphoria submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the
arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds
$10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject
to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a
reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the
expedited nature of the arbitration.


### Arbitrator's Decision

The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA
Rules. The arbitrator's decision will include the essential findings and
conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the
arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The
arbitrator's award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the
"Limitation of Liability" section above as to the types and amounts of damages
for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or
injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent
necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant's individual claim. If
you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys' fees
and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. Euphoria will not
seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover,
attorneys' fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.


### Fees

Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees
will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for
damages does not exceed $75,000, Euphoria will pay all such fees unless the
arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought
in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper
purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure 11(b)).


## Changes

Notwithstanding the provisions of the "Changes to Terms or Services" section
above, if Euphoria changes this "Dispute Resolution" section after the date you
first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms),
you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email
to [help@euphoria.io](mailto:help@euphoria.io)) within 30 days of the date such
change became effective, as indicated in the "Last Updated" date above or in
the date of Euphoria's email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting
any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you
and Euphoria in accordance with the provisions of this "Dispute Resolution"
section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any
subsequent changes to these Terms).


## General Terms

These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement
between Euphoria and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms
supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or
agreements between Euphoria and you regarding the Services and Content. If for
any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms
invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent
permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force
and effect.

You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise,
without Euphoria's prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or
transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null. Euphoria may freely
assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing,
these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their
successors, and permitted assigns.

Any notices or other communications provided by Euphoria under these Terms,
including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (i) via
email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by e-mail, the date
of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Euphoria's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or
provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized
representative of Euphoria. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the
exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be
without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.


## Contact Information

If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact
Euphoria at [help@euphoria.io](mailto:help@euphoria.io).
